Autumn 2021
My first quarter in person! From going dorm shopping, eating Local Point (ugh) and on the Ave, attending in-person classes, and catching the bus on weekends, this quarter has been hectic but eventful. Annika and Vidhi are the perfect combination of roommates (even if our moms send us too much food) While it has been stressful, I have been able to build new relationships, make more friends, and get a more full experience of the ‘college life.’ 

I actually started my work for the school year way back over the summer, as Gisele, Pranav, Cynthia and I met over the summer to work on the FearLess, Tech More Innovation Challenge. We scheduled meetings to build a curriculum for the one-week virtual hackathon, which we ran in November of this year. As part of the preparation, I recorded videos on prototyping and wireframing, introducing these concepts to the participants. The hackathon itself went really well, as we had close to 11 teams participate, and selected 2 teams as winners. Both teams did an amazing job and everyone was very impressed by the quality of their work. I also had multiple students reach out to me to ask about informatics direct admissions after the event.

As we got closer to starting the school year, I already knew this was going to be one of the best quarters of my life. I knew this quarter was going to be hybrid, and I knew I had to not only take care of myself but also continue to build on the friendships I made last year while also performing well in my classes. Outside of class, one of the highlights of each week was eating lunch with Melina, Gisele, and Emiri, as well as video calling Harkiran when I could. Creating interactions with my friends helped me take a break from my classes and catch up with the people close to me. With regard to my coursework, I took INFO 102 (Gender and Information Technology), INFO 270 (Data Reasoning in a Digital World), and CSE 373 (Data Structures and Algorithms). I chose these classes because I wanted to explore different aspects of information technology while also getting the hang of in-person learning. I also served as a TA for INFO 200 for the first time this quarter, under Joe Janes, and I had an amazing experience. My responsibilities were to attend lectures, grade projects, and teach lab sections. At first, I was intimidated by my students, as I was scared of making mistakes. However, after gaining experience by teaching classes and observing the other TAs, I was much more confident in my abilities as a TA by the end of the quarter. I think the biggest takeaway I had from this experience was to set boundaries with my students when they can come to me for last-minute extensions or advice, and to consider the situations they are in so I can best adjust to everyone’s needs, and I intend to work more on this next quarter. I thought this quarter was a great learning experience in terms of living (partially) by myself, and learning how to balance new situations as they come up. 

On a more personal note, this quarter has taught me, more than ever, about the importance of maintaining a balance both in school and in personal life. With everything going on, it can be hard to remember that you are not alone in whatever you do. Mental health is one of the most important things you can take care of, and the things that happened over this quarter and this break have made that abundantly clear.

Rest in peace, Aravind 💜
