Goodbye high school, hello college! Graduating high school and embarking on my college journey at the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic led to an unorthodox start to my first quarter at UW. While I was basically a Zoom expert at this point, I was definitely nervous to navigate the virtual college environment academically, socially, and personally. I wanted to perform well in school while also finding ways to meet new people in my year and major as an informatics direct admit. Despite all the new experiences thrown at me, I was able to not only push myself to learn new things in my classes, but also meet people this quarter that I know I will continue to be friends with throughout my time at UW. I was also encouraged to run as First Year Representative for WINFO (Women in Informatics). I have never run for a position like this before and I was excited to be chosen! It was so amazing to meet all of the other WINFO Officers, and the other FYRs, Melina and Sam. 

From my informatics cohort to my honors classmates, fellow WINFO officers and professors, I had the opportunity to meet some incredible human beings this quarter. Everyone has been extremely welcoming and supportive throughout my first quarter here and enabled an easier transition into my college life. Furthermore, I teamed up with some of these people for group projects, which taught me about the contributions and impact I can make as a team member as well as how I can best collaborate with others. 

My first quarter in Honors and at UW surprised me with regards to how different and engaging college classes can be. I came into this quarter expecting that the INFO classes I were taking would remain on the technical side, and the HONORS classes would remain on the humanities side. Rather, I found that my HONORS classes have exposed me to many technical topics, such as bioengineering, physics, astronomy, and storytelling. Although my INFO classes were technical on some level, they have also introduced me to social concepts like networking and presenting myself at career fairs. Having lived in Washington for most of my life, I had heard stories about the Seattle freeze, and was thus worried about making friends because I did not know anyone else taking INFO and pursuing HONORS. However, my experience was very different, and I was pleasantly amazed to find so many welcoming people at UW. I have been able to interact with so many awesome students, TAs, and professors that have made my first quarter and UW journey more worthwhile. Taking classes such as HONORS 100 exposed me to learning about several interesting opportunities that I would like to seek in the future. Later during my time at UW, I plan on exploring study abroad opportunities for my experiential learning projects because I am excited for the chance to see the world (when it is safe to, of course) and pursue my interests in climate change and society beyond a technical context. By the end of my first year in Honors, I want to have a better understanding of what experiential learning opportunities I would like to have while also making more new friends in the Honors program so that I can have my own small community within one large UW community. I’m proud to say I’ve already taken the steps towards this, as I was elected to be one of the first-year representatives of WINFO! I planned my first WINFO event as well, helping to put on Chatsgiving with the other representatives. By the time I graduate, I want to use all the skills I have learned to help me professionally and personally as I start my career, creating positive societal change through the work I do. 
