Autumn 2022
After attending Grace Hopper and setting up my apartment right before the school year started, getting back into classes again was both hectic and wholesome. It was hard to get out of the summer mentality of spending hours hanging out with my friends, taking long drives to the lakes, and spending every spare moment we could outside, but I’m glad I get to be back on campus with my roommates Annika and Aditi and see my school friends more often again. 

Starting this quarter meant I needed to get my head back in the game. I took INFO 300 (Research Methods), INFO 442 (Cooperative Software Development), HONORS 220 C (The Evolution of Human Behavior), and HCDE 321 (Portfolio Development Seminar). In addition to these four classes, I also was a TA for INFO 200 for the third time, and took on more of a role in WINFO as Co-President. The classes I took were academically challenging, but also fun. I learned more about the nature of people and their behavior, how to collect and analyze data, how to develop software while cross-collaborating with fellow developers and designers, and how to present myself professionally to employers. My workload this quarter was difficult to manage, but small activities like having lunch with my friends, having a picnic on the quad, and taking the time to relax and play with Mango over the weekends refreshed me and gave me the clarity and confidence to do well this quarter. 

One of the biggest things I was a part of this year was the WINFO 11th Annual Hackathon! After some trouble with booking the HUB room, the best possible date to do it was December 3rd, which slightly threw us off because we normally do it in January. To get everything finished on time, I started to attend Hackathon Committee meetings with Emiri and Lucy so that we could plan everything out. Seeing the effort that everyone put into this event was awesome, and the past nine months of work was definitely worth it. I was so excited to stand in front of the room and host the opening ceremony with Melina and talk to participants, mentors, and sponsors. Watching the way that everyone worked together to build unique and inspiring projects that have the potential to make a difference reminded me that this is what WINFO and our team is all about. 

Although there were a lot of positives this quarter, there were times when the stress was too much to bear. Nobody is immune to overworking themselves and burning out. It was difficult to learn how to accept support from others and learn how to talk about things instead of bottling myself up and hiding it away. Being vulnerable is difficult - people may not understand you the first time. They might dismiss you, or just not understand your situation. However, vulnerability is a skill that can be learned. When one opens up to the right people in the right way, they can change your life for the better. 

I felt different as a person and as a student this quarter, as I took on more responsibilities, made more friends, and took on more of a leadership role within the iSchool. Despite the challenges I’ve been facing in almost every aspect of my life, I chose to view this quarter as a period of development and growth🥳Seeing the people I care about - my family, Harkiran, Gisele, Emiri, Melina, Joe, Sai, Nitya, and Vidhi made me feel incredibly supported. As we iSchool students always say, "iSchool is my school!"
