Spring 2021
If I had to choose a defining word for this quarter, I would choose ‘complicated’. For me, Spring 2021 was the start of a lot of new things, but also filled with hardships created by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic in India. Although things have somewhat stabilized now, the past five weeks have continued to create a massive shift in the way I think about the world, and how much I appreciate the people who have been a part of my life so far. For me, the hardest part of the quarter was balancing my school and personal life.

At the start of the quarter, I was also fully onboarded as WINFO Director of Diversity. This meant that I started to actually plan the diversity committee meetings, as well as joined the iSchool IDEAS committee meetings. When I started taking responsibility for all of these meetings, I honestly felt like I knew nothing about what was going on, but I am very thankful to have had Harkiran help me navigate all the different aspects I now have to manage. My work as diversity director has been really rewarding thus far, and I am excited to be working with everyone to plan some really cool events! 

Even though I was taking 17 credits this quarter, I found myself pleasantly surprised that I was not swamped with assignments. However, One of the most challenging classes I took this quarter was INFO 340, which was focused on client-side development. Despite this being a technical class, I had never coded in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript before, but learning these skills helped me to get an internship at Tech For Good as a Full Stack Developer this summer. My favorite class this quarter was INFO 498, or “The Future of the Record” with Professor Joe Janes. I think I enjoyed this class so much because the lectures were really engaging, and I learned about the different aspects of information documents and information systems, as well as what these might look like in the future. As the academic year nears its end, I am still getting used to the idea that I am no longer going to be a freshman in college anymore. This year has been one of the most unique ones I have had so far, and I am still hopeful for what the future will bring.
 
Spring quarter has also allowed me to feel more like a “typical American” college student. Some of the best moments have been when I visited Seattle to meet up with Harkiran, Gisele, Duaa, and Melina, as well as when a few of them came up to Redmond to visit me. These moments helped me feel more connected to my friends, who I have only seen virtually until now. I’ve had some of the most eventful times of my life this quarter, and I know I’m not going to forget it. In future quarters, I hope to be able to meet and build relationships with more people, and positively contribute to the communities around me.
