Spring 2022
Spring Quarter on the UW campus always feels exciting. Whether it is because of the thousands of people visiting the cherry blossoms, the newly admitted students visiting campus for the first time, or students finishing up their classes and enjoying the sun, the energy around campus just feels more exciting. I was able to get a firsthand taste of that energy as a panelist at Admitted Student Preview Day over spring break, where I answered questions posed by newly admitted students and talked about my experiences at the iSchool. 

I was also able to continue my work from past quarters by further developing the iTech Modules event, which was finally launched! We were able to host a mini lecture by Professor Joe Janes, and teach two modules on web development and cybersecurity. The event was a huge success, and it was incredibly fun to see the interest students had about informatics. I also had the amazing opportunity to present my journey through the iSchool in front of the UW Foundation Board. I met a number of inspiring people, including the CEO of AWS, and was also able to talk about how I came to join the iSchool and the impact I have tried to make within it. I’m really grateful to Cynthia for helping to write the speech and practice it every week. 

Melina and I worked a lot this quarter to determine how best to run WINFO. We decided that I would be the internal president, and she would be the external president. On my part, this meant that I attended SLC meetings, hackathon meetings, and facilitated the officer meetings as well. Additionally, Melina and I were invited to attend the annual Dean’s Club Dinner, where we met with a number of inspiring alumni of the iSchool! In addition to my involvement in WINFO, I also took CSE 414 (Databases and SQL), HONORS 212 C (Comic Books in the Middle East) and SOC 225 (Data and Society) which were all challenging and engaging courses, providing me with a wealth of knowledge and skills in a variety of fields. Although I was not a TA for INFO 200 this quarter, I put it on myself to take on new responsibilities while also having fun along the way :)

One of the social events I attended this quarter was iCruise, held by IUGA (Informatics Undergraduate Association). It was a fun and eye-opening experience, where I got to socialize with a number of other informatics students, and take in the sunset views from the middle of Lake Washington! Overall, this quarter has been an incredibly valuable and rewarding experience, filled with learning, growth, and impact. I am excited to see where these experiences will lead me in the future and I am looking forward to continuing to push myself and strive for excellence in all my endeavors.
