I selected this engagement as a way to help me break into the software industry and learn the skills I need to succeed in the workplace. I am passionate about learning new skills, and this opportunity allows me to take the skills I have learned in my classes (like CSE 414) and apply them directly to a real world project at one of the largest companies globally. 

I hoped to gain both networking skills and the skills to solve problems effectively in a group workplace. One of the defining characteristics of an internship at Amazon is that I will have complete ownership of my project from start to finish.

I believe this embodies the Experiential learning category of leadership because I must envision the solution to the problem my team is facing and implement it by taking ownership of how the process is completed and what existing tools to use in order to make sure it is feasible to use for any developers. While I will be taking ownership of the project, leadership does not mean that I will work alone. Throughout this internship, I will be collaborating and checking in with my mentors and managers to listen to their feedback to guide my project, as well as seeking advice from fellow interns. 

During this internship, I was able to build my skills in a variety of different areas, including learning about frameworks like the ELK stack, and using linux to navigate through the package file systems. In addition, I also learned how to use systems like the AWS console, and within that, I learned about tools and services like OpenSearch, Lambda, IAM, and API Dashboard to help me implement features within my project. Finally, I was able to learn about how Amazon works and understanding the organization behind pipelines and the services on the ATROPS team. 

The Service Log LookUp Gizmo (SLLUG), is a tool meant to send logs to be parsed, indexed and stored whenever each line is created in order to decrease time taken to query logs through the implementation of an ELK stack. The primary deliverable for this project was the implementation of a log listener running on all hosts, able to be searched and visualized in Kibana. The success criteria for my project was that the logs should be received in under 1 minute, be able to be queried by search string or proposal id, be able to be filtered by timestamp, service, and region, and be stored and easily accessible for 3 months. I was able to meet these deliverables by creating a package with a set of files to run RiverPig and logstash, setting up and running the OpenSearch Dashboard, and writing two lambda functions to enable creation and deletion of indices and logs.

During my midpoint review, some of the feedback I received was to be more vocal when I needed help so that I would not be stuck for as long on the issues I was facing. In order to apply this feedback, I gave myself a timer of 2 hours to try and solve the problem I was having, and If I was not able to find an answer in that time frame, I messaged my mentor and onboarding buddy to see if they could help me. I found that after implementing this method, I was able to move much faster through the process. 

Over the course of my internship, I ran into a variety of ambiguous situations. The first of which was within the first few weeks of my project, where I was not able to access the OpenSearch Dashboard due to issues with the AWS creation. Because this was so early during my project, I was not really sure what to do, and spent a while reading documentation on builderhub and the wiki pages to help. However, these pages were not as useful because I could not find the specific issue. I adapted to this by changing my approach and looking at sage to start my deep dive, as well as asking my mentor and onboarding buddy about my issue so that they could help me work through it. Overall, this project has taught me a lot about how Amazon works, and has taught me some of the skills I need in order to be a successful software engineer in the future
