Winter 2021
2021 started off with a (literal) bang and the start of winter quarter will be one that I remember for the rest of my life. Hearing about the insurrection on the US Capitol in the middle of one of my lectures completely took me aback. This was followed by many other events in the same vein, including the Biden inauguration and the explosion of racism against Asian Americans. Other UW students always told me that Winter quarter would be the most difficult, and that came true academically - I just didn’t expect it to happen so much on a political scale. Having paid attention to the politics of the last ten weeks, it feels like I have peeled back a curtain of how the nation and the world has been operating, looking at the globe with my now-slightly-faded rose-tinted glasses. On a brighter note, COVID-19 vaccine distribution has provided hope for helping the pandemic, but especially in times like these, I felt it was important to find the good in the midst of the chaos.
​
Compared to the fall, I had a much lighter workload this quarter, taking 3 classes worth 15 credits instead of five classes worth 17. The courses were also less technical overall, with the only technical class being CSE 143, which I suppose was less difficult than people said considering it was online and I had been introduced to some of the concepts before. My TA for the class, Kimi, also recommended that I apply to become a TA for CSE 143! I did apply, and made it through the first round, but unfortunately, I did not move past the round where I had to submit a video of me teaching for loops. I personally believe that I am qualified for the role, and will probably apply for the job next quarter as well, or potentially apply to be a TA for another course.

​Outside of class, I have worked on my goals of building a network, and have been becoming more involved with WINFO as a first-year rep. I participated in the hackathon in January with Vidhi, Annika, and Anushka. This was the first hackathon I had ever participated in, and I even ended up working on the project until 3 in the morning, just to get a finished project. Even though we did not win an aways, I was part of the FYR team who designed the masks that were sent out in the swag pack, which look really cool. The FYR team also hosted an event called Pitch Perfect, where people could work with industry professionals and the iSchool career services to craft their elevator pitches, and it was a huge success. I also have been able to attend Diversity Committee meetings since joining towards the end of last quarter, and have been able to be a part of more events. This quarter, we had the Microaggressions Power Hour, as well as the “Keep Calm and Curry on” dead week event. I really enjoy being a part of the committee and I am glad I have gotten a chance to bond with and get to know everyone (Harkiran - the Director of Diversity Efforts, Rachel - the Director of Community Efforts, as well as Duaa and Gisele - the other committee members) better. Going to these meetings is something I look forward to a lot, and it’s a really fun experience to be a part of. I also ran for Director of Diversity Efforts later this quarter and got elected! I am looking forward to continuing to contribute to the diversity efforts for WINFO and the iSchool next year.