Winter 2022
This quarter has been a whirlwind of new experiences and accomplishments for me. As I started thinking about what I wanted to accomplish, I found myself seeking new experiences that would broaden my horizons and allow me to meet new people that I had not had the opportunity to interact with before. Key among this was my participation within the iMentorship program run by Professor Laura Schildkraut. I was paired with a mentor named Rosemary, who I learned that I had a lot in common with! I learned that Rosemary was the Director of Diversity efforts for IUGA during her time at the iSchool, and she had a wide variety of experience in the field working for different companies. I found value in this program by being able to learn from someone who has already established themselves in the field and I even invited Rosemary to attend the INFO 200 alumni panel, where all of the students truly loved hearing about her experience. By learning from Rosemary, I was introduced to a new professional route I could explore - UX Engineering - where I could work at the intersection of design and programming, combining my love for development with my passion for creating experiences people enjoy. 

With regards to my classes this quarter, I took HONORS 394A (Ways of Feeling) with Duaa, where I was able to build the vocabulary to talk about the way different cultures use words to express emotions, and how some emotions are present only within certain cultures. This interested me a lot because I was able to see how similar cultural backgrounds used words differently to express emotions. I also took STAT 221 and INFO 380, which have been incredibly valuable for me to learn the technical skills that I need to succeed as someone in the information field. Furthermore, I continued to be a TA for INFO 200, which has been a great opportunity for me to give back to the community and help guide new students in the program. I felt like I was able to offer more advice to my students this time around, sometimes editing essays for prospective informatics students. 

Outside of class, I continued to work with Cynthia to develop the iTech Modules project, which was part of an OMAD seed grant built to help expose middle and high school students to STEM topics through bite-sized modules. Working with the Diversity Committee and Cynthia has allowed me to build my own style of leadership and bring forward new ideas to expand STEM outreach. Of course, none of the things I was able to accomplish this year would have been possible without the support and guidance I received from the original WINFO Diversity Committee. In mid-January, I also had the opportunity to see the original Diversity committee in-person at Sweet Alchemy! It was a surprise for some people, and ended up being an amazing way to reconnect with the people who shaped my first year at the UW. 

WINFO has been such a large part of my experience at UW, so for me, the next step forward was to run as Co-President of WINFO, and at the end of the quarter, I was elected as one of the Co-President along with Melina! I have absolutely loved my time within the informatics program thus far, and I hope to continue to contribute to this amazing community as I begin to serve in this new position. 
